Hey Debasish. Come in. How
is your married life?
Not bad.
A married man has come
here, Prabal. Play some Mozart!
The sad tunes of Beethoven
won't work now.
Even married life is one hell of
a ride! You'll know with time!
There you go!
Anyway, if you like it...
so be it!
There is a strange pessimistic
kind of people in this world.
Pass me a cigarette, Nripati!
I've lost my cigarette case.
Just see if I left it at
your place, Debasish.
But better you have a reality check.
Else things will go down.
Just look at our hero!
He doesn't even have time
to remove the make-up.
He's recognized easily these days.
Is it?
That's why he even wears make-up
even as he goes out... Nice!
Again! This time a laborer,
after the beggar
Did you see this?
A laborer killed by
a porcupine's thorn.
This is the second time this
happened in our locality.
Hey!
Where do you want to go?
Let's go!
Where?
Will take a trip around Kolkata.
Okay. Sit.
Nripati, how can someone
kill by a porcupine's thorn?
Will it not break?
If the thorn is weak, it will get
crooked. But won't break.
And if it's sharp enough,
it will pierce the skin.
But what will someone
gain out of killing them?
There are misers
even among the poor.
This might be the
work of such a greedy-
I think this is the
work of a mad man!
Might be!
Yes. Else why will someone kill with a
porcupine thorn instead of knives and guns?!
That's right!
Have you ever seen a bad wife?
No. I'm poor. I'm unmarried.
You're saved. Look at me.
I don't even have any children.
She doesn't even
let me touch her!
Want to listen to Ghalib?
No. Why? I'm not interested.
"Are you alone or
there's someone with you?!"
Huh?
I'm seeing two of everything!
(singing a Bengali song, drunk)
Hello sister-in-law?
Did you reach safely?
Didn't face any troubles I hope?
Ghatsila's cold, huh?
Take care of yourself!
What can I do? It's Mr.Bidhu's
daughter's marriage! I had to go!
Yes. I'm coming by tomorrow's
morning train.
Yes. I'm good. I'll let Byomkesh
know once he comes.
Okay. Talk to you later.
This is the third victim!
First, a beggar. Then a
laborer and now a shopkeeper!
And why a porcupine
thorn all of a sudden?
I think he has some other intentions!
Do you think his motifs for all
the murders are the same?
I guess so. When will
Mr.Byomkesh come back?
Byomkesh... Wait a minute!
Yes. Hang on. You have a call.
Yes. I'm on my way.
We have got another victim. Has
been brought to the hospital.
Did Byomkesh tell you
when he'll be back?
He should have been back by
now. Not sure if he got busy.
Let me see.
I guess Byomkesh-
Got him.
Leave him. Leave him.
Please pardon me.
What happened?
Byomkesh, what's this?
Let's go to a doctor!
No. I'm fine.
I'm not getting this. You're being
beaten up in public just like that?
This is still better. Thank God
he didn't harm my eyes or ears!
This is that case I told you about! The
criminal has a black mark on his waist!
Anyway, is this genteman alive?
Let's go to the hospital and find out! Wait!
Why're you getting yourself into this?
We have to visit Ghatsila tomorrow.
Sister-in-law called!
Hard to resist when something
like this comes up, Ajit!
Bet he's rich, huh?
Yes. but how do you know?
First a beggar. Then a labourer.
Now it ought to be someone richer!
Let's go.
Hello. I'm Byomkesh Bakshi. A truth
seeker. You're Debasish's wife, right?
Is he alive?
Can you please tell me?
I can't do this.
Ajit, please sit.
Is it right to leave such an interesting case
and go to Ghatsila to see Satya's relatives?
Why don't you
explain that to her?
You aren't married. That's
why you can say this.
I can't lie to her.
Don't bullshit me.
You cook up such nice stories
while writing. Then?
And now you can't
help a friend?!
Ajit, go now! Pick up the
phone! Come on! Go please!
Leave my dhoti.
Ajit, first pick up the call!
Hello. How are
you? All good?
Yes. All was good. But-
But?
No. I mean Byomkesh!
His mouth is wide open!
What do you mean?
No. He's just drunk.
Drunk? What do you mean?
I mean all his intestines
have come out of his mouth.
Please tell me in details
what exactly happened?
Cover the speaker.
Tell her that I've
fallen sick suddenly.
"Tell her that I've
fallen sick suddenly"
Who?
Say, "Me"!
Me!...No, I mean Byomkesh!
Did he have medicines?
Yes. He had sleeping pills
and now he's fast asleep.
Listen. You don't need
to come here like this.
Yes. That's better.
All this happens when I'm not there. Thought of
staying here for a few days. Shall I come back now?
Yes... I mean you want to come back?
Stay there for a few weeks.
Dance... I mean enjoy yourself!
Okay. Keep me posted.
And look after him.
Yes. I am... I mean I will.
Now he's sleeping.
Okay. Talk later.
Thank God!
I went to the hospital.
I met Mrs. Dipa there.
I knew something like this would happen.
Is it?
How?
Speak up!
Look Mr.Bijoy, if you try to safe
guard the killer, he will strike again.
Do you want that?
But I don't know
the entire truth.
Tell us what you know as of now.
Alright then.
I have a solution to
your problem, Dipa.
Divorce!
No.
Why not?
Your family doesn't
know about your secret?
No... Then they should
correct themselves. Isn't it?
Then you can't save my grandpa.
Nice. This looks good. Great!
So what I suggest is that no need to study
anymore. It's enough for a girl!
Instead get her married.
And listen, girl, don't step
out of the house from tomorrow.
And the groom should
be of our cast.
Okay Dad. I'll look into it.
Sandhya, please check if the father-in-law
had his medicines or not.
Why will this happen?
Girls of another country
do not face all this.
Why do I need to marry
the groom of his choice?
Don't I have my own will?
Can you tell this on his face?
Can you?
Are you done?
Make it quick!
What's up? Don't get to see
you much these days! Why?
Grandpa, I got your food and
medicine this morning... Is it?
Do you want to say something?
Actually, I want to marry someone.
But his caste is different!
What?!!!
Am I dead? You think you're born in a lower
caste? You can do anything you want?
I'm dead or what?
Listen carefully!
You'll marry the person
I'll decide. Got that?
Get out of here! Get out!
Dipa, who do you want to marry?
I won't tell you!
So, how old is Dipa?
We don't have much younger
girls in our family... Got you!
That's all good.
So what kind of groom
are you looking for?
A rich, good looking
and educated one, huh?
And most importantly, he
should belong to our caste!
After all, it's about
generation!
You are Mukherjees right?
Will Narendra work for you?
No, Nripati. We have
maintained our legacy.
I know. You guys are
like cockroaches.
Didn't get it? Cockroaches
are ancient creatures.
They thrived even years before.
Other creatures evolved. But
cockroaches remained as they are.
That's why they have no respect.
Anyway, I know of a groom.
Debasish Bhatta. New
to our club.
Yes. I know him.
So how are you Prabal?
You guys know each other?
A little. Not much.
How is your "Projapoti Prosadhon" coming
along? It has become quite famous!
You too. Heard your song
on the radio a few days ago.
I knew you could sing well. But didn't know
you could play the piano so well too.
Debasish, come here.
He's always absent-minded. After all
an artist you see. Have a seat.
Don't take his words to heart.
And let me introduce. This is
Kapil. Kapil, meet Debasish.
Nripati, can I use your telephone?
Yes. Surely. Go ahead.
Nripati!
Yes?
I'll take a leave today.
Why so early?
Need to go to All India Radio. Have
a meeting with Sachin Dev Barman.
Look at him. By the
way, how's your wife?
Forgot to tell you. She passed
away a few months back.
She had a heart problem. And if not operated
early, the patient dies within 22 years.
And her father didn't tell me
about this at the time of marriage.
Bye.
Leaving?
Why don't sing a song for us?
Kapil, you need to pay
me to listen to my song.
Why will I pay to listen to you? Instead, I will buy
records of that singer called Hemanta Mukherjee!
Bye, Nripati.
Actually, he was not in
the right mood today.
Prabal is always agitated.
It's his problem.
No point in blaming him, Kapil. His wife
passed away a few months back.
Kapil's not a bad person. But
yes, he has a problem.
He doesn't want to marry. God
knows if he's having an affair.
But he's quite ambitious.
At the stars in the sky.
What are you up to at night?
Today one can see the Mars
at quarter to twelve.
Arranging for that!
Mars, huh?
Only you know what
you're haunted by!
Everyone has kept their windows
open while sleeping. It's so hot.
Hope you're not trying to
look at their windows!
Then it'll be a big problem.
God you're pathetic!
Go and sleep now.
He slept with his other wife.
The law book!
He wants to have coffee. Do
you want coffee as well?
I don't have time for all that.
Think yourself to
be Galileo or what?
Be careful. You'll hurt yourself.
He's quite powerful, huh?
So Kharga Bahadur weren't you supposed
to go to your native to get married?
Yes. But then I got a letter and
heard it's been postponed.
It got postponed?
Good for you!
Heard you played really well
against Mohunbagan yesterday?
You managed to evade Goshto
Pal's Chinse Wall and score a goal?
Goshto Pal's now old. Guess
he'll retire. But how do you know?
Our production manager went
to see the game. He's your big fan.
By the way Debasish, what do
you love more? Football or cinema?
I love both. Have seen both of you many
times in fields and screens respectively!
Let me introduce...
This is Bijoy Madhav Mukherjee... Hello!
And this is Debasish Bhatta.
Bijoy comes from a family of lecturers.
He has a degree in Sanskrit
and now looking for jobs.
So, you guys chat. Okay?
Okay. Let me see what
you guys are up to.
Another option will be to return to your
paternal house, where you used to live.
They'll again send me back.
And that will lead to gossips.
Then you have to stay here.
But we'll stay separately.
But to avoid public shaming, we have
to pretend as a married couple.
Can you?
Yes!
You?
No. he sleeps separately.
Doesn't mess with me.
But for how long?
No. I didn't tell your
name. I promised.
No. I won't tell anyone.
Yes.
Sister?
Come. Eat.
You go ahead Nakulda. I'm coming.
Okay. Fine.
What does Debasish do?
He owns "Projapoti Prosadhan".
Ah! Heard about that.
He doesn't have any relatives?
I guess there's none. His factory
workers are like his relatives.
Dipa, I'm not forcing you
to come to the factory.
Factory workers were nagging me
for long... No, I'm coming at my own will.
It's better you refer me as "Tumi"
instead of "Apni". Hope you understand.
Got it.
The workers really love him. He keeps only a part of
the income to himself and donates the rest among them.
What's the gross income from the factory?
One and a half lakhs, I have heard!
I have decorated the flower
vases. Want to see?
If you would like...
Do you like flowers?
You like gardening?
Did it on the terrace of
my paternal house.
My own small garden.
Is it?
Yes.
Yes. All good.
No. He did nothing wrong.
But how long
will this go on for?
Let's go.
Marriage hasn't affected you much.
You are still the same.
But why are you wearing
such less jewelry?
But not bad. Reminds me
of that poem by Gobinda Das
Sorry?
It means that jewelry often
becomes unwanted in a marriage.
You have become quite a tease!
You'll also become one. Every
girl does after her marriage.
How are you getting along
with your husband?
Good... Your husband's really handsome!
How is he as a person?
Won't you share anything with me?
I used to tell you everything.
Don't stay mum in front of
your husband. He'll get you wrong.
Who all were Debasish's friends?
Don't know about others. But he
was close to the ones at Nripati's place.
Among them is Prabal, a musician. His
songs are often played on the radio.
Sujan Kumar is a screen actor. He's quite popular.
So now he disguises himself when he goes out.
Do you go to Nripati's
house regularly?
Yes. Quite often.
Didn't Dipa accept Debasish
as her husband at all?
No. She's very kind. When
Debasish got sick, she looked after him.
Hello, Uncle Sen? This is Dipa.
My husband's not well. I don't know
his family physician. Can you come?
Don't worry. I'm prescribing
some medicines. You'll be fine.
But you... Yes, Doctor. Everything
in my life is reversed.
You'll be fine in a day or two. Sleep now. I'll be
back tomorrow morning. Also, call your own doctor.
Uncle Sen!
What is it?
Let me call the gardener.
Dipa!
Dipa, I'm thinking to invite
my friends for tea next Sunday.
What do you think?
A shopkeeper!
Did you notice one thing?
First, a beggar. Then a laborer
and now a shopkeeper.
The killer is working his way up.
Who will be the next victim?
Possibly a famous footballer!
Or maybe a famous film actor!
Or a famous singer!
But why only famous!
He can also be rich!
Don't act smart. Among those who came
today, with whom are you having an affair?
Tell me his name!
I won't tell you!
You won't? I'll kill him if
I get to know myself!
What is it?
Is sister Dipa unwell?
How does it matter? Let's go!
Come!
I know Kharga Bahadur is a good
footballer. But how is he as a person?
Not bad.
But he's addicted to gambling.
Did Debasish go to
the "adda" yesterday?
No.
Nice! Nakul made
some really good tea today!
Not Nakul. It's me.
Is it?
Really nice!
Will you take me to see a movie today?
You don't have to go to the cinema
with me just to make me happy.
No. Not that. You mentioned about a new
film of Sujan Kumar. Will you take me?
Yes...
Hello. This is
Debasish Bhatta.
Oh. How are you?
No, I didn't go.
I am good.
I'm at home.
Now?
No, it's fine.
I'll be there.
Dipa, I need to leave now. I'll
be back within half an hour.
Sister, where did
Mr.Debasish go?
When will he be back?
I don't know. He said
within half an hour.
But it's more than half an hour
now. He isn't late usually.
No. He's not here. Why?
No. I didn't tell
anyone about you.
I'm not liking this. He
isn't so late usually.
Hello?
Yes?
Is he alive?